# ProjectKlopp

Currently Under Development, wrote the parsing and downloading the FUTS json files under in under an hour.

### Fifa Ultimate Team Squad Generator
-Right now this is a console only program (input and output in console) I would like to make it -into a web app or a desktop application.

What it does now:

1.)
- Gets the position of the player given the name... I could return any FIFA statistic I would like, but I believe that this is the most important as of now.
- input = "name=Lee Nguyen"
- output = "Lee Nguyen	CAM"

2.)
- Prints out all the teams it can given the formaton and Nationality.
- input = "form=442" or 433 or 343, "Brazil"
- output gives you every single team that can be generated by a 442 formation and brazilian players, by ranking highest to lowest.
     
		 What would you like to be printed?: form=442
     	Which team would you like to create the 442 formation for?: France
        ---------------------------------- Team = 0 ----------------------------------
        Antoine Griezmann	ST	88
        Karim Benzema	ST	87
        Dimitri Payet	LM	87
        N'Golo Kanté	CM	84
        Giannelli Imbula	CM	79
        Romain Hamouma	RM	78
        Franck Tabanou	LB	77
        Maxime Le Marchand	CB	77
        Nicolas Pallois	CB	77
        Abdoulay Konko	RB	76
        Yoan Cardinale	GK	75
        ---------------------------------- Team = 1 ----------------------------------
        Alexandre Lacazette	ST	86
        Kévin Gameiro	ST	85
        Samir Nasri	LM	82
        Vincent Koziello	CM	79
        David Zurutuza Veillet	CM	78
        Thomas Lemar	RM	78
        Jérémy Morel	LB	76
        Florian Lejeune	CB	76
        Sylvain Armand	CB	75
        Romain Danzé	RB	75
        Yohann Pelé	GK	74
        ---------------------------------- Team = 2 ----------------------------------
        Olivier Giroud	ST	83
        Anthony Modeste	ST	83
        Anthony Martial	LM	82
        Abdoulaye Doucouré	CM	78
        Adrien Rabiot	CM	78
        Yann Jouffre	RM	77
        Jordan Amavi	LB	76
        Sébastien Squillaci	CB	75
        Daniel Congré	CB	75
        Jérémy Pied	RB	75
        Steeve Elana	GK	74
     
Todo:
- Neatly display the teams with the players pictures and stats.
- Run all formations given in FIFA against all the nationalities and find the highest rated squad.
- Be able to generate the best squad given a statistic to focus on.

